a crucial stop for the eu's foreign
policy Chief Joseph Bell told Qatari
officials the EU and the International
Community are eager for a Doha broker
deal that would see Hamas held captives
released in exchange for a prolonged
humanitarian PS and more Aid into
Gaza qatar's prime minister Muhammad bin
ABD Rahman althani was quick to respond
saying a deal could happen sooner than
expected the challenges that remains in
in the negotiations are very minor
compared to the bigger CH challenges
they are more logistical they are more
practical and I believe that uh with the
willingness of both parties to engage
and to have this deal uh moving we can
we can reach
there but the Qatari official criticized
the International Community for what he
said was a double standard and a failure
to press Israel to end its bombardment
of schools refugee camps and residential
areas earlier the eu's high
representative for foreign affairs and
security policy was in Israel where he
expressed solidarity with local
communities but also described what
happened in Gaza as
carage but Bell spoke to Al jazer in
more detail about a US EU backed plan to
hand over control of Gaza to the
Palestinian Authority which is based in
the occupied West bank at a certain
moment a political settlement will have
to be found and I think that uh Israel
should not stay in Gaza that Hamas
should not stay in Gaza the only one who
can take
seriously control and provide services
to the population is the Palestinian
Authority they are ready to do
so but replacing Hamas may not be an
easy task the groups still controls the
south of Gaza and its military
capability is still largely
intact many Arab countries have
dismissed a push to create a joint
police force to secure Gaza for a
transitional period allowing time to
train and equip Palestinian Authority
forces to step in embattled Palestinian
president Mahmud Abbas has faced growing
resistance in the occupied West Bank
where many blame him for giving
concessions to the Israelis and failing
to deliver on his promise to establish a
Palestinian State Hamas leaders have
warned any attempt to take over this
trip will be met with Force Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer